------------------------ Submission 1354, Review 1 ------------------------

   1) The authors’ central claim seems to be that the mapping process from
   the approximate number system (ANS) to symbolic numbers is variable and
   thus worthy of our interest. It is not clear how this claim is different
   from that in Izard and Dehaene (2008) (ID).

   2) Why does variability scale?  perhaps because not controlling correlates?
	magnitude rather than numerosity?

   [WRONG!]
	3) Giving the authors the benefit of the doubt on point (2) above, I am
   still concerned about the authors’ assumption that ANS weber
   coefficients are constant enough to assign the cause of all variation in
   estimates exclusively to the mapping function. In other words, I do not
   know of any paper that demonstrates consistency in ANS coefficients that
   exceeds the apparent inconsistency in estimates over time shown here.
   Most estimates of ANS weber coefficients rely on direct comparisons
   between two arrays of dots (which contains more dots). It might be that
   ANS coefficients are inherently unstable, but something about the
   comparison task structure stabilizes them (e.g., via perceptual
   similarity across dot-arrays). Showing participants a single array and
   asking them to map magnitude onto an abstract, perceptually distinct
   number-word might omit this stabilizing influence. Thus, the apparent
   instability of estimates in the current study might instead reflect
   instability of the ANS and not the mapping function. At the very least,
   this presents an untested alternative that would completely reverse the
   authors’ conclusions, and thus should be addressed in greater depth.

	[WRONG]
   4) The authors claim that drift in the consistency of estimates over time
   is evidence for varying magnitude-number mapping. In the spirit of the
   concerns above, why is it not evidence for variation in the (internal,
   pre-verbal-estimate) perception of magnitude itself?

   Minor points

   i) In the introduction, the authors cite several papers in support of
   their argument that in fact measure the mapping from symbolic numbers
   onto a continuous magnitude space (visuo-spatial number line). This
   reverses the direction the authors are interested in; because it is
   unclear whether the mapping function is bidirectionally symmetrical, the
   authors might use such citations with greater caution.

   ii) The abbreviation CoV is not defined.


------------------------ Submission 1354, Review 2 ------------------------

   it is unclear whether each participant saw the same stimuli in
   the same order or whether the specific trials varied between
   participants. 
	Why the quantities were selected to have a mean of 50? 
		, which oversamples smaller numbers on the 1-200 continuum. 
	Finally, as the task was highly repetitive and lasted an hour,
   it is unclear how fatigue contributed to the findings.

------------------------ Submission 1354, Review 3 ------------------------

though they use color (especially fig 3) which is not
   possible in the proceedings (or in my printed copy).  

   In the section that attempts to show that the magnitude-to-number
   mapping is bilinear, the claim is made that R^2 values are directly
   comparable given that both models have two parameters.  However, it's
   clear that the hypothesis class of bilinear functions is far more
   expressive than simple lines and it is therefore unsurprising that
   members of that class fit the data better, even with a p value of
   0.0015.